Add docs for structured outputs - tools (#262)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/v2/text-generation/structured-outputs-json.mdx

When the strict_tools parameter is set to True, you can define a maximum of 200 fields across all tools being passed to an API call.

```python PYTHON {26}
tools = [
    {
        "type": "function",
        "function": {
            "name": "query_daily_sales_report",
            "description": "Connects to a database to retrieve overall sales volumes and sales information for a given day.",
            "parameters": {
                "type": "object",
                "properties": {
                    "day": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Retrieves sales data for this day, formatted as YYYY-MM-DD.",
                    }
                },
                "required": ["day"],
            },
        },
    }
]

message = "What was the total sales for 2024-01-01?"

response = co.chat(model="command-r-plus-08-2024",
                   messages=[{"role": "user", "content": message}],
                   tools=tools,
                   strict_tools=True)

print(response.message.tool_calls)
```

<Info title="Important"> 

> Structured Outputs (Tools) does NOT support this scenario: when a tool is defined with one or more parameters but there is no parameter set as `required`. There must be at least one `required` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `strict_tools` is enabled, tool definitions that have optional parameters must specify at least one `required` parameter as well. Tools with only optional parameters are not supported in this mod.
```
